README.md, before:


![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/KM_switch_icon.png?raw=true)

# Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich-1.0

## This project has gliches and is repleaced by newer https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Switch-2.0

## ...project status: closed.

This is a keyboard & mouse switch (KVM but without Video), based on the combination of two Arduino LEONARDO pro Micro and USB host shield.

Keyboard & mouse is toggled with ScrollLock Key. I recommend USB cable keyboard. All Serial communications has baud rate: 115200

FOR FULL MOUSE SUPPORT (SCROLL WHEEL) YOU MUST UPDATE LIBRARY BY INCLUDED FIX.

#Connection Schematics:

![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/schematic.png?raw=true)

USB Shield FIX:

![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/image_R0yRZCbReE.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/usbhost_mini_micro_H3erAvbC0a.png?raw=true)

Some photos:

![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/1.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/2.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/3.jpg?raw=true)

Commit message:

Readme updated, fixed original typos

README.md, after:


![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/KM_switch_icon.png?raw=true)

# Arduino-USB-KM-Switch-1.0

*This is a fork dating from January 2022 of the [original repo by nathalis](https://github.com/nathalis/Arduino-USB-KM-Switch), before it was removed around May 2022.*

## This project has glitches and is replaced by newer https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Switch-2.0

## ...project status: closed.

This is a keyboard & mouse switch (KVM but without Video), based on the combination of two Arduino LEONARDO pro Micro and USB host shield.

Keyboard & mouse is toggled with ScrollLock Key. I recommend USB cable keyboard. All Serial communications has baud rate: 115200

FOR FULL MOUSE SUPPORT (SCROLL WHEEL) YOU MUST UPDATE LIBRARY BY INCLUDED FIX.

#Connection Schematics:

![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/schematic.png?raw=true)

USB Shield FIX:

![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/image_R0yRZCbReE.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/usbhost_mini_micro_H3erAvbC0a.png?raw=true)

Some photos:

![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/1.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/2.jpg?raw=true)
![Image description](https://github.com/JWGpro/Arduino-USB-KM-Swtich/raw/master/3.jpg?raw=true)
